Adding missing release notes (#2789)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ReleaseNotes/Release.7.42.0.Final/stunner-link-events.adoc

[id='stunner-link-events-742']

= Link Events support in Process Designer

*Link Events* can now be used in the Process Designer.  They were supported in the core engine for quite a while, but you can now

> also use them in the new Process Designer to more easily link different parts of your process without having to draw (long) sequence flows.  So this includes both an intermediate throwing link event and intermediate catching link event, which are matched by the engine at runtime based on matching node names. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also use them in the new Process Designer to easily link different parts of your process without drawing long sequence flows. This includes both an intermediate throwing link event and intermediate catching link event, which are matched by the engine at runtime based on matching node names. 
```
